# EACJR
Event Adjudication Committee Jury Room

This programme is property of and copyright to the A. T. Still Research Institute.
Project: Jury portal, originally for the DO-Touch.NET Event Adjudication Committee.

Instrumentation:   Jane Johnson, MA
Code by:           Geoffroey-Allen S. Franklin, MBA, BS, AAS, A de C, MCP
Support:           Geoffroey-Allen S. Franklin - gfranklin@atsu.edu -
                        (o) 480.265.8091 - http://www.atsu.edu/research/
Created:           2016-Oct-20
Change Log:        2016-Aug-26 - Version 0.1 release.
                   2017-Oct-20 - Version 0.9.alpha release. Moved to Github repo.

Directory structure:
	../EAC Portal/        - top level directory, contains the main executable
                            load_portal.bat file and this README.
	../code/              - contains code and log file for the push2portal system.
  ../html/              - contains the html code for the web portal.
	../output_data/        directory were files generated by main executables
	                        will be stored. 
                             (empty_dir.txt can be removed after install.)
	../input_data/        - directory where files to be analysed are located.
                             (if present, test *.csv files can be removed
                             after install.)


EAC Portal Install:
	1. Extract the zip file into the directory of your choice.
		(Suggestion is to use C:\ATSRI-Code\ as the default top level
        directory.)
	2. Ensure the directory structure is maintained.
	3. Delete ../output_data/empty_dir.txt. 
		(This file is only included to maintain directory structure in the archive.)
	4. Download PHP (Version > 5.6.20) http://windows.php.net/download 
		Select a PHP Non-Thread-Safe version that matches your processor. 
		Download the .zip file. (you can skip the debug pack)
	5. Extract the files from the .zip file to someplace like  'C:\ATSRI-Code\PHP-5.6.20'
	6. Adjust your system's path 
	   (in Win10 Control Panel > System > System Properties > Advanced > Environment Variables...)
	   (in Win7 Control Panel > System and Security > System > Advanced System Settings > Environment Variables...)
	7. Under System Variables find the variable named "path", highlight it and click edit.
	8. Under Variable value, add ";C:\ATSRI-Code\PHP-5.6.20" to the end. 
		** or wherever the files are where you put php.exe in step 5. ***
	9. Go into C:\ATSRI-Code\PHP-5.6.20 *** or wherever you put the php files
        in the previous step *** and look for 'php.ini-development' rename it to 'php.ini'
	10. Use Notepad to modify line ~714 (;include_path = ".;c:\php\includes")
         in ../php/php.ini to match the directory from step 1 and step 2. Also
		 remove the ';' at the start of line ~714. Save and close this file.
		 (Example: include_path = ".;C:\ATSRI-Code\PHP-5.6.20\extras\")
	11. Open a command prompt window.
		 (<windows key> + <R>, cmd.exe, <ENTER>)
	12. Type 'CD directory\from\step\1\DCMS Grades' and press <ENTER>
		 (Example: 'cd C:\ATSRI-Code\AEC Portal')
	13. If the command prompt window does not change to refelect the directory
         in step 12, enter the drive letter from that path and press enter.
		(Example: 'C:')
	14. Run load_portal.bat
		(In the command prompt window, type 'load_portal' then press <ENTER>)
	15. Verify no errors are returned.
	16. Check output files in ../output_data/
	17. If steps 14 & 15 are satisfactory, remove all files from
	     ../output_data/ and ../input_data/

